[Music]
[Laughter]
Thank You Squarespace for sponsoring
this video from websites and online
stores to marketing tools and analytics
Squarespace is the all-in-one platform
to build a beautiful online presence and
run your business Sara Dee ChiCom has
been Squarespace for a minute now and it
looks beautiful
[Music]
here's the thing 360 cameras all the
rage right I forget my highest viewed
video is jumping out of an airplane and
360 with the sandstone 360 camera
the workflow for these cameras
traditionally has been pretty bulky but
the companies have been innovating
things have been done so it's time to
test out the esta 360 because I have
been loving the GoPro fusion it's still
a little bit of a pain to mess with in
premiere but these shots that you get
from it blow my mind I'm here with your
boy John Hill it's your boy in the back
oh it's your boy we're gonna play around
with this new instant 361 xx1 whatever
it's called and then later going to
compare it to the gopro fusion and the
new gopro 7 which i already know and
love so this will be fun my office is
actually kind of dark so I wonder which
camera is going to be better in this
little eye and I'm also just walking
around handling my walking okay the
youjin I don't know if the fusion is the
best with low light but walking walking
how's the stabilization I'm walking
walking walking walking Hey alright time
to go on the booster boards again
[Music]
that's art
with the insta 360 being more of a
mobile-first 360 camera in comparison to
the fusion I wanted to see if I could
get the same results as my fusion when
editing in Adobe Premiere and as you can
see yes I actually did I just used
GoPros VR reframe plugins on the insta
360 footage and it actually worked
perfectly
[Music]
let's hop over to the GoPro Hero 7 their
advertising shaky video is dead and what
a better place to test this out than the
bumpy streets of New York City I
recorded this in 4k and scaled it down
to 1080 this footage is without warp
stabilization and it looks fantastic
[Music]
let's move on to the Osmo pocket because
wow I love this thing and look how cute
it is
[Music]
before I share my thoughts and show you
more footage from these four fantastic
cameras a quick word from our wonderful
sponsor Squarespace my websites are DG
comm is used as a portfolio website
there's a lot of great sponsors that
make this channel possible so I like to
showcase that does a great place to show
off pass work for any future sponsors
also it's a place you can go to if you
have no idea who I am and you want to
check out what I'm about the type of
videos I create so it gives hopefully a
good first impression and yes it's 2019
we made it kind of and there are so many
opportunities out there to build online
businesses and Squarespace is the
all-in-one platform to do that with from
domains websites online stores and
marketing tools it has everything you
need and if you're nervous about
designing a site oh my gosh I want it to
look good but maybe you're not a graphic
designer
well they have you covered with their
templates there are so many beautiful
templates to choose from and hey if you
need help while designing your website
there is a 24/7 customer support via
live chat and email so if you want to
check it out go to Squarespace com for
your free trial and when you're ready to
lunch you can go to squarespace.com
slash sarah dg2 get 10% off your first
web site or domain
20:19 maybe it's time for your site
hustle to become your main hustle check
out link in description below and back
to the video so let's start with talking
about the Osmo pocket now this has
actually been staying in my camera bag
I've been using a lot for random things
where I would usually benefit from
having a gimbal but the size of a big
gamble that would fit my Sony a7 3 is
usually too bulky to travel with a lot
of people say yeah you could just get a
foam gimbal for a hundred bucks even
those are bigger than the pocket I don't
like a lot of people don't understand
just how tiny this is you can just
literally throw this in your pocket
throw it in your camera bag and you got
a super portable gimbal boom there you
go this is the case it comes
put it up put it in my pocket this is a
woman's pocket too which says a lot
because our Jean pockets are tiny am i
right ladies let's see so basically if
you have man jeans it'll fit in your
front pocket
[Music]
so Ozma actually makes much more sense
after the update that just released
literally yesterday
you can now shoot in pro mode without
your phone so just with the little Osmo
you can change the shutter speed the ISO
and you can also shoot in that cine
liked mode I think it's called D Sydney
all the Osmo footage that I put in this
video was recorded with the phone
attached so I was able to shoot in that
more cinematic mode and I thought the
footage turned out so good it's very
cinematic looking going back to not
having to attach phone now you can also
view on the tiny little view screen on
the Osmo in a 16 by 9 ratio instead of
it just showing what's in the middle
this Update makes the Osmo almost
perfect when shooting without your phone
but you can't change frame rates you got
a plug in the phone make sure it's on
the 24 frames per second or 60 frames
per second whatever you want and then
detach it and use the awesome
so please DJ I add the free brains now
that you can use the Osmo detached from
your phone and use it to almost its
fullest potential at 3:49 I would
recommend this it's a super fun camera
and when you attach it to a phone you
get a lot of cool features like tracking
special modes like the new story mode
where you can film your subject with
already pre-done camera movements so you
don't have to do it just all by yourself
and again with this it's the size it's
the fact that you will always have a
gimbal on you if you just put it in your
pocket or your camera bag the GoPro Hero
7 at 399 was a great upgrade from the
hero 5 for me the extra time lapse
functions and the 240 frames per second
recording at 1080 were great additions
this GoPro is all about the steady
shooting and I was not disappointed in
the fact that the stabilization applies
to 4k now is amazing I have absolutely
no complaints other than that I don't do
a lot of action stuff or water stuff
anymore so even though I bought the new
GoPro I have rarely used it if you're
someone who has to have an extra camera
attached to them a lot or you go
underwater short upgrade the GoPro but
if you're a normal like me upgrading
your GoPro every year actually just
isn't necessary ok these last two
cameras the insta 360 and the GoPro
fusion these 360 cameras are the reason
why this video is probably gonna have a
part two I'll try to get to the point in
this video let me know if you have any
questions down below the future workflow
has always been very clunky and slow
when stitching and exporting the footage
from their studio desktop app it has
always taken a very very long time
however editing the insta 360 footage on
your desktop would be impossible without
the fusion premier plugins the fact that
insta 360 doesn't have its own premiere
plugins actually is crazy to me but for
now I'll leave a link in the description
below for the updated GoPro fusion
premier plugins you need these in order
for them to work in the new premiere
2019 using the GoPro VR reframe plug-in
to edit insta 360 footage is something
that I haven't seen anyone doing on
YouTube there's new tutorials on it so
let me know if you want a detailed
workflow a video on that why is no one
talking about that
stitching together the insta 360 footage
and their desktop app actually took a
shorter amount of time than the fusion
footage in straight out of the camera
that insta 360 actually looked really
great it was much flatter than the
fusion and so that makes it easier to
color grade
now you say Sarah well the fusion has
the protune yes you can turn on Pro tune
to make it that flat image similar to
the GoPro however the insta 360 just
released an update where you can shoot
HDR and shoot at 24 frames per second
also the fusion just released an update
where you can shoot up to 5 point 6 K at
24 frames per second previously you
could only shoot up 30 frames per second
with these cameras but hey the companies
are releasing updates left and right now
I have to mention the mobile app when
talking about the insta 360 they make
sharing 360 content on social like
Twitter and Instagram a breeze the
mobile after the fusion just is not it's
just it's clunky when I talk to the
insta 360 team they definitely emphasize
the mobile app over the desktop editing
so that's why I was important for me to
make sure desktop editing works with
insta 360 because that would probably be
the biggest application I use it for so
with the insta 360 being 399 and the
GoPro Fusion being $5.99 I would 100%
recommending the instead over the fusion
$200 cheaper you can pretty much do
everything you need and it's a better
workflow you only have to have one SD
card and it's just smaller in story 6-2
killed it with this I will say if you're
surfing a lot if you are a watersports
person the fusion is waterproof without
a case so here a water person yeah go
with the fusion wow this was a lot when
you are covering four different cameras
it's hard to touch on everything that
you really want to talk about that's why
do you think we need a part two but all
these cameras are in similar price
ranges and I found myself when I'm
traveling oh which one do I want to
bring and I've ended up taking the Osmo
pocket and it's a 360 almost everywhere
if you're going for versatility and
you're more into action sports and water
stuff I would have to say the s2 360 and
the GoPro Hero 7 would be great
and would cover everything that you need
for a cheaper price point anyways guys
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week make sure to
check out my Squarespace link and until
next time stay peach okay bye
[Music]
you